When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    It is a good time to use remote repository, when you want to share your information with other people.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Individual may add changes to the repository on github.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Fork is copying the whole file and freely able to create changes without affecting the original file. This is beneficial, if you
    want to work on someone else project. Clone is copying the repository to you local repository that holds all information involve
    its commit. This is a good choice for user that want to pick up on noticable bugs or see the reasoning behind changes and 
    transition from one commit to another commit. Branches allows feature that holds a common parent with another branch to add
    new code but is independent of each other. This is benefitical to users that want to work on new code without the fear of causing
    their other branch to fail to execute the program.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    This holds all the current commits.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Users that doesn't use github would either need to get together in a room or view the other person code. They need to view several
    lines or even all of it to see changes between each other. They need to check for conflicts, which might be considerably harder
    to detect without git tools. This is more difficult without git or githug.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    A programmer may work on a seperate branch without working the consequence of it affecting the main branch. If a bug is introduced
    on the seperate branch than the master branch is safe.
